MFA docs for config endpoints (#14302)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/api-docs/secret/identity/mfa/login-enforcement.mdx

---
layout: api
page_title: /identity/mfa/login-enforcement - HTTP API
description: >-
  The '/identity/mfa/login-enforcement' endpoint focuses on specifying which MFA methods should be used
  when logging in.
---

## Create a login enforcement

> This endpoint creates or updates a login enforcement that specifies which MFA methods should be used when logging into

Reviewer: Should there be a note on how multiple enforcements on the same scope interact i.e that they get ANDed together?

Author: Ah yes, good idea.

Vault.

| Method | Path                                    |
| :----- |:----------------------------------------|
| `POST` | `/identity/mfa/login-enforcement/:name` |

### Parameters

- `name` `(string: <required>)` - Name for this login enforcement configuration.

- `mfa_method_ids` `([]string: <required>)` - Array of MFA method UUIDs to use. These will be ORed together, meaning
if several IDs are specified, any one of them is sufficient to login.

- `auth_method_accessors` `([]string: [])` - Array of auth mount accessor IDs. If present, only auth methods
corresponding to the given accessors will be checked during login.

- `auth_method_types` `([]string: [])` - Array of auth method types. If present, only auth methods
corresponding to the given types will be checked during login.

- `identity_group_ids` `([]string: [])` - Array of identity group IDs. If present, only entities belonging
to one of the given groups will be checked during login.

- `identity_entity_ids` `([]string: [])` - Array of identity entity IDs. If present, only entities with the given

> IDs will be checked during loign.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IDs will be checked during login.
```

> - `identity_entity_ids` `([]string: [])` - Array of identity entity IDs. If present, only entities with the given

Author: I didn't realize this was the case. I can add a note.

> - `identity_entity_ids` `([]string: [])` - Array of identity entity IDs. If present, only entities with the given

Author: https://github.com/hashicorp/vault/pull/14302/commits/7e004097edec2e5c0bdb0e5507ad4272c7d5ba66

---
layout: api
page_title: /identity/mfa/login-enforcement - HTTP API
description: >-
  The '/identity/mfa/login-enforcement' endpoint focuses on specifying which MFA methods should be used
  when logging in.
---

## Create a login enforcement

This endpoint creates or updates a login enforcement that specifies which MFA methods should be used when logging into

> Vault. If there are multiple login enforcements, each one will need to be satisfied before a login attempt will succeed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Vault. If there are multiple login enforcements, each one needs to be satisfied before a login attempt will succeed.
```

| Method | Path                                    |
| :----- |:----------------------------------------|
| `POST` | `/identity/mfa/login-enforcement/:name` |

### Parameters

- `name` `(string: <required>)` - Name for this login enforcement configuration.

- `mfa_method_ids` `([]string: <required>)` - Array of MFA method UUIDs to use. These will be ORed together, meaning
if several IDs are specified, any one of them is sufficient to login.

- `auth_method_accessors` `([]string: [])` - Array of auth mount accessor IDs. If present, only auth methods
corresponding to the given accessors will be checked during login.

- `auth_method_types` `([]string: [])` - Array of auth method types. If present, only auth methods

> corresponding to the given types will be checked during login.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
corresponding to the given types are checked during login.
```

- `identity_group_ids` `([]string: [])` - Array of identity group IDs. If present, only entities belonging

> to one of the given groups will be checked during login. Note that these IDs can be from the current namespace or

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to one of the given groups are checked during login. Note that these IDs can be from the current namespace or
```

a child namespace.

- `identity_entity_ids` `([]string: [])` - Array of identity entity IDs. If present, only entities with the given

> IDs will be checked during login. Note that these IDs can be from the current namespace or a child namespace.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
IDs are checked during login. Note that these IDs can be from the current namespace or a child namespace.
```
